NMS-13472: Update table formatting in docs (continued) (#3564)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/telemetryd/protocols/bmp.adoc

| Class Name          | `org.opennms.netmgt.telemetry.protocols.bmp.parser.BmpParser`
|===

=== Configuration and use

> .Parameters for the BMP Parser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Optional parameters for the BMP Parser
```

[options="header, autowidth"]
|===

> | Parameter                   | Default    | Description

Reviewer: Can remove the "optional" row if table label is updated.

> 3+| *Optional*

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| dnsLookupsEnabled           | true       | Enable or disable DNS resolution of router and peer hostnames.
| bulkhead.maxConcurrentCalls | 1000       | Limit the number of parallel parsing operations.
| bulkhead.maxWaitDurationMs  | 5 minutes  | Limit the amount of time to wait for a saturated bulkhead (in milliseconds).
|===

> == Configure BMP listener on a minion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configure BMP listener on a Minion
``
needs to be capitalized b/c it's our official name for this component. This is one reason I'm not a fan of NH style of sentence-case headings. :-)

$ ssh -p 8201 admin@localhost
...
admin@minion()> config:edit --alias tcp-5000 --factory org.opennms.features.telemetry.listeners
admin@minion()> config:property-set name BMP
admin@minion()> config:property-set class-name org.opennms.netmgt.telemetry.listeners.TcpListener
admin@minion()> config:property-set parameters.port 5000
admin@minion()> config:property-set parsers.0.name BMP
admin@minion()> config:property-set parsers.0.class-name org.opennms.netmgt.telemetry.protocols.bmp.parser.BmpParser
admin@minion()> config:update
----

If you do not specify the queue name, the fallback is the name of the parser.

[[telemetryd-bmp-statistics-adapter]]
== BMP telemetry adapter

The BMP telemetry adapter handles BMP statistics received and parsed by the <<telemetryd-bmp-parser, BMP parser>>.
Statistics received from the router are associated as performance data with that router.
The router must exist as a regular node in {page-component-title}.

{page-component-title} uses the IP address exported in BMP messages to associate a router with the appropriate {page-component-title} node.
In addition, the node's metadata can be used to specify a BGP ID, which will be used to associate routers.

> If the parameter `metaDataNodeLookup` is not empty, it will be interpreted as a `context:key` metadata name, which will be used to lookup a node that has stored the queried BGP ID as a value in the specified key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the parameter `metaDataNodeLookup` is not empty, it will be interpreted as a `context:key` metadata name, which will be used to look up a node that has stored the queried BGP ID as a value in the specified key.
```

| Class Name          | `org.opennms.netmgt.telemetry.protocols.bmp.adapter.BmpTelemetryAdapter`
|===

=== Configuration and use

> .Parameters for the BMP telemetry adapter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Optional parameters for the BMP telemetry adapter
```

[options="header, autowidth"]
|===
| Parameter          | Default | Description

> 3+| *Optional*

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| Class Name          | `org.opennms.netmgt.telemetry.protocols.bmp.adapter.BmpPeerStatusAdapter`
|===

=== Configuration and use

> .Parameters for the BMP telemetry adapter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Optional parameters for the BMP telemetry adapter
```

[options="header, autowidth"]
|===
| Parameter          | Default | Description

> 3+| *Optional*

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| Class Name          | `org.opennms.netmgt.telemetry.protocols.bmp.adapter.openbmp.BmpIntegrationAdapter`
|===

=== Configuration and use

> .Parameters for the OpenBMP Integration Adapter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Optional parameters for the OpenBMP Integration Adapter
```

The `opennms-telemetry-bmp-stats` feature needs to be installed on {page-component-title}.

BMP Stats are stored as time series data in Postgres with TimescaleDB extension.

> You can find instructions to install the TimescaleDB 2.x extension link:https://docs.timescale.com/latest/getting-started/installation[here].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TimescaleDB 2.x extension link:https://docs.timescale.com/latest/getting-started/installation[installation instructions].
```

> For `opennms` schema, TimescaleDB extension can be added with -t option on install DB script(for example `$OPENNMS_HOME/bin/install -dist`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `opennms` schema, TimescaleDB extension can be added with -t option on install DB script(for example, `$OPENNMS_HOME/bin/install -dist`).
```

If the TimescaleDB extension is not installed, stat tables will not be converted to hypertables.

> To load the adapter while {page-component-title} is running, the following command can be used in the Karaf shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To load the adapter while {page-component-title} is running, use the following command in the Karaf shell.
```

==== Running BMP Adapter on Sentinel

BMP Persisting Adapter can also run on Sentinel.

> Sentinel must start appropriate BMP adapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentinel must start the appropriate BMP adapter.
```

In Sentinel, adapters are configured either by placing a .cfg file in $SENTINEL_HOME/etc or via a `config:edit` statement.

> The following example will configure the consumption of `BMP` messages and saves the configuration in `$SENTINEL_HOME/etc/org.opennms.features.telemetry.adapters-bmp.cfg`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example configures the consumption of `BMP` messages and saves the configuration in `$SENTINEL_HOME/etc/org.opennms.features.telemetry.adapters-bmp.cfg`.
```

admin@opennms()> feature:install sentinel-telemetry-bmp-persist
----

<1> Needs datasource configuration setup per xref:deployment:sentinel/flow-processing.adoc#sentinel-flow-processing[Sentinel Flow Processing].
<2> Can alternatively be set to `sentinel-kafka` based on your selected message broker.
Refer to xref:reference:configuration/sentinel-features.adoc#ga-kafka-configuration[Sentinel Kafka Configuration].

NOTE: When running Kafka as the broker, the consumer config needs to have the `auto.offset.reset=earliest` setting, otherwise

> the BMP Adapter may miss some of the early messages, like the PeerUp notification, which are essential for for proper BMP state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the BMP Adapter may miss some of the early messages, like the PeerUp notification, which are essential for proper BMP state.
```
